.\" Manpage for stats\-recording.
.\" Contact k.meliksetian@tu-braunschweig.de to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "09 Juli 2024" "1.0" "stats-recording man page"
.SH NAME
stats\-recording overview\- system for recording statistics from a Linux-based device
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B posix\-mq\-to\-mqtt\-bridge@\&.service
.br
.B cycle\-file\-read@"[OPTIONS]".service
.br
.B cyclic\-sysinfo@\&.service
.br
.B dbus\-systemd\-signals@\&.service
.br
.B epoll\-psi@"[OPTIONS]"\&.service
.br
.B inotify\-coredump@\&.service
.br
.B inotify\-pacct@\&.service
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
stats-recording is a flexible loosely-coupled system for recording statistics( such as PSI, chip temperature etc.) from a Linux-based device. 
The essential component for the system is posix\-mq\-to\-mqtt\-bridge (8), which is responsible for sending the collected statistics/metrics to the server.
It should be also started as a first component. Other components are not required and can be started/stopped at any time.  
All components work with posix\-mq\-to\-mqtt\-bridge (8) through POSIX Message Queues. All Messages that are pushed, are in 
.B InfluxDB\-Line\-Protocol.
The system itself communicates with server through MQTT protocol.
.IP \[bu] 2
To collect statistics reported by sysinfo(2) start cyclic-sysinfo.service
.IP \[bu] 2
To collect statistics for CPU, network and hard-drive start cyclic-file-read.service
.IP \[bu] 2
To collect PSI, start epoll-psi.service
.IP \[bu] 2
To collect coredumps, start inotify-coredump.service
.IP \[bu] 2
To collect information about processes in the system, start inotify-pacct.service
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
No options.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR posix\-mq\-to\-mqtt\-bridge (8),
.BR cycle\-file\-read (8),
.BR dbus\-systemd\-signals (8),
.BR epoll\-psi (8),
.BR inotify\-coredump (8),
.BR inotify\-pacct (8),
.BR mq_overview (7),
.SH ARGUMENTS
No arguments.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Karen Meliksetian (k.meliksetian@tu\-braunschweig.de)
